readded everything (#104)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/appendix/color_articles.tex

\subsection{Coloring articles}\label{app:color_articles}

> In this section, we are going to analyze a few more articles to get a more in depth view of how the topic distributions differ between the models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we are going to analyze a few more articles to get a more in-depth view of how the topic distributions differ between the models.
```

We are still looking at the top three topics for each model and taking the 200 most probable words.

> As a reminder the color table is shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a reminder, the color table is shown below.
```

> As a reminder the color table is shown below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a reminder, the color scheme is shown below in \autoref{tab:appendix_disc_color}.
```

\begin{table}[h]
	\centering
	\caption{Color scheme for each model.}
	\begin{tabular}{l|c}
		Topic Model & Color \\
		\midrule
		\Acrlong{lda} & \thiscolor{Goldenrod} \vspace*{2mm} \\
		Author-Topic Model & \thiscolor{Aquamarine} \vspace*{2mm} \\
		Category-Topic Model & \thiscolor{LimeGreen} \vspace*{2mm} \\
		Word appearing in all models & \thiscolor{Peach} \vspace*{2mm}  \\
	\end{tabular}
	\label{tab:appendix_disc_color}
\end{table}
\noindent
\autoref{art:1} shows an article about a race car driver from Aalborg, and him driving in the European Le Mans Series.
The article is not that long, and therefore there are not many words marked.
From the colored words in the article, the words appearing in all models are not very descriptive of what the article is about.

> Since the length of the article is short, we do not have many words co-occurring, which might be a reason why very few of these words are marked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The topic that is the most present in this article is most likely a sports topic based on the top 10 words.
The top 10 words of this most present topic are: ['tour', 'vandt', 'løb', 'par', 'mig', 'løbet', 'hold', 'vm', 'slag', 'nummer'].

> We can see based on these words that other sports are higher up in the list, such as 'tour' from Tour de France, which is probably because there are not many Le Mans articles.

Author: ```suggestion
We can see based on these words that other sports are higher up in the list, such as 'tour' from Tour de France, which is likely due to there being few Le Mans articles in the dataset.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We can see based on these words that other sports are higher up in the list, such as 'tour' from Tour de France, which is likely due to there being few Le Man's articles in the dataset.
```

\\
\begin{figure}
	\begin{tcolorbox}
		\emph{
			Dårligt \mycolor{Goldenrod}{LimeGreen}{løb} for Aalborg-kører SPIELBERG: Den aalborgensiske racerkører Anders Fjordbach havde sammen med teamet High Class Racing en gennemført skidt \mycolor{Goldenrod}{LimeGreen}{tredje} afdeling af European Le Mans Series på Red Bull Ring i Østrig. Her blev det til en beskeden ottendeplads i LMP2-klassen. - Det var \colorbox{Peach}{selvfølgelig} ærgerligt kun at blive \colorbox{Goldenrod}{nummer} otte, men det er \colorbox{LimeGreen}{vel} ikke en skam at have en dårlig weekend, siger Anders Fjordbach, der \colorbox{Goldenrod}{kører} sammen med Dennis Andersen.  Forkert dækvalg, et \colorbox{Peach}{mindre} sammenstød, en generator, der \colorbox{Aquamarine}{stod} af og andre små problemer var årsagen. Det \mycolor{Goldenrod}{Aquamarine}{eneste} positive var, at teamet \colorbox{Peach}{fortsat} er på tredjepladsen sammenlagt.clajen
		}
	\end{tcolorbox}

> 	\caption{Article 1.}

Author: dis...
